# # ContractPaylineRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**analysisCategoryCodeIds** | **string[]** | List of analysis category code unique ids. | [optional]
**analysisCategoriesCodes** | [**\SynergiTech\Staffology\Model\ContractPaylineAnalysisCategoriesCodes[]**](ContractPaylineAnalysisCategoriesCodes.md) | List of analysis category ids and analysis category code ids. | [optional]
**annualValue** | **float** | The original value from the PayLine before we modify it.  Currently only used when CalculationType is set to FixedAnnualAmount  so we can determine whether the payline value needs calculating or not.  To recalculate set to null with annual amount recorded in Value. | [optional]
**autoAdjustForLeave** | **bool** | This sets whether the PayLine should be automatically adjusted or not for: Leave Entries; Starters/Leavers;  PayLine effectiveFrom and effectiveTo values falling midway through a PayRun. | [optional]
**calculateAsWhenPaid** | **bool** | Indicates whether this pay line should be treated as When Paid rather than When Earned. | [optional]
**childId** | **string** | The child id. | [optional]
**code** | **string** | The PayCode this line is assigned to. The PayCode determines the treatment of this line when it comes to NI, Tax and Pensions as well as whether it&#39;s a deduction or addition. | [optional]
**contributesToBasicPay** | **bool** | Indicates whether this PayLine contributes to the basic pay of the Employee. | [optional]
**costCentre** | **string** | CostCentre code which we want to override in the payline. | [optional]
**costCentreId** | **string** | CostCentre uniqueId which we want to override in the payline. | [optional]
**department** | **string** | Department code which we want to override in the payline. | [optional]
**departmentId** | **string** | Department uniqueId which we want to override in the payline. | [optional]
**description** | **string** | A description to accompany this line. It will be displayed on the payslip. | [optional]
**earnedFrom** | **\DateTime** | The earned from date. | [optional]
**earnedTo** | **\DateTime** | The earned to date. | [optional]
**effectiveFrom** | **\DateTime** | The date the payline starts being calculated in the payrun. | [optional]
**effectiveTo** | **\DateTime** | The date the payline stops being calculated in the payrun. | [optional]
**employeeRoleReference** | **string** | The employee role reference. | [optional]
**fullTimeAnnualValue** | **float** | Used to set the Full Time Annual Value for the payline. | [optional]
**ignoreInitialBackPay** | **bool** | Skip the automatic backpay calculation on the first pay run, if the addition/deduction had been paid outside of Staffology.  If set to false, the automatic backpay calculation will be performed on the first pay run. | [optional]
**isAutoGeneratedBasicPayLine** | **bool** | If the PayLine is an auto-generated basic payline. | [optional]
**isAutomaticBackPay** | **bool** | Automatically calculate backpay and add or modify the necessary pay lines for this addition/deduction when a pay run is created.  Applicable only to employee level addition/deduction pay lines.  If set to false then you must manually handle the calculation and adding of backpay lines. | [optional]
**isNetToGross** | **bool** | If the PayLine is a fixed amount addition without multiplier then this property may be set to true so that the amount of the addition to be considered a take home pay target. | [optional]
**isZeroHoursTeachersBackPayLine** | **bool** | If the PayLine is a zero-hours teachers back-pay line. | [optional]
**londonAllowanceId** | **int** | Used to set London allowance id for payline. | [optional]
**multiplier** | **float** | If the related PayCode has a MultiplierType other than None then this field will be used as number of days or hours. | [optional]
**netToGrossDiscrepancy** | **float** | The discrepancy between the targeted and the calculated grossed up value during a net to gross calculation. | [optional]
**payGrade** | **string** | PayGrade for imported pay lines | [optional]
**paySpine** | **string** | PaySpine for imported pay lines | [optional]
**paySpineGradeId** | **string** | The Id of the associated pay spine grade. | [optional]
**paySpineId** | **string** | The Id of the associated pay spine. | [optional]
**percentageOfEffectiveDays** | **float** | The percentage of working days the effective dates span for pro-rata values, calculated and set during each payrun. | [optional]
**rate** | **float** | If the related PayCode has a MultiplierType other than None then this field will be used as the rate per day or hour. Otherwise it isn&#39;t used. | [optional]
**roleId** | **string** | The employee role which is associated with this pay line.  If set to null, the pay line is not related with a role. | [optional]
**spinePoint** | **string** | SpinePoint for imported pay lines | [optional]
**spinalPointId** | **string** | The Id of the associated spinal point. | [optional]
**tags** | **string[]** | Tags related to this line. | [optional]
**targetNetToGrossValue** | **float** | The orginal net fixed addition amount that is considered to be a take home pay target. | [optional]
**totalPaidDays** | **float** | The total paid days. | [optional]
**totalWorkingDays** | **float** | The total working days. | [optional]
**value** | **float** | The amount to add or deduct (whether it is a deduction or addition depends on the PayCode used).  If the PayCode has a CalculationType other than FixedAmount then this field will be a percentage.  If the PayCode has a MultiplierType other than None then this field will be readonly and automatically calculated. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
