# # PayLine

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**value** | **float** | The amount to add or deduct (whether it is a deduction or addition depends on the PayCode used).  If the PayCode has a CalculationType other than FixedAmount then this field will be a percentage.  If the PayCode has a MultiplierType other than None then this field will be readonly and automatically calculated. | [optional]
**rate** | **float** | If the related  PayCode has a MultiplierType other than None then this field will be used as the rate per day or hour. Otherwise it isn&#39;t used | [optional]
**multiplier** | **float** | If the related PayCode has a MultiplierType other than None then this field will be used as number of days or hours | [optional]
**description** | **string** | A free form description to accompany this line. It will be displayed on the payslip. | [optional]
**attachmentOrderId** | **string** | [readonly] The Id of the associated AttachmentOrder. Only included if the Code is AEO | [optional]
**pensionId** | **string** | [readonly] The Id of the associated Pension. Only included if the Code is PENSION, PENSIONSS or PENSIONRAS | [optional]
**leaveId** | **string** | [readonly] The Id of the associated Leave. Only included if the PayLine is a result of a Leave with Statutory pay | [optional]
**loanId** | **string** | [readonly] The Id of the associated Loan, if any. | [optional]
**leaveStatutoryDaysPaid** | **float** | [readonly] If the PayLine is a result of a Leave with Statutory Pay then this property tells you how many days they&#39;ve been paid for (based on their Working Pattern). | [optional]
**leaveStatutoryWeeksPaid** | **float** | [readonly] If the PayLine is a result of a Leave with Statutory Pay then this property tells you how many weeks they&#39;ve been paid for (based on their Working Pattern). | [optional]
**code** | **string** | The Code of the PayCode this line is assigned to. The PayCode determines the treatment of this line when it comes to NI, Tax and Pensions as well as whether it&#39;s a deduction or addition. | [optional]
**tags** | **string[]** |  | [optional]
**childId** | **string** | This is nothing but the UniqueId of the model. | [optional]
**isNetToGross** | **bool** | If the PayLine is a fixed amount addition without multiplier then this property may be set to true so that the amount of the addition to be considered a take home pay target. | [optional]
**targetNetToGrossValue** | **float** | The original net fixed addition amount that is considered to be a take home pay target. | [optional]
**netToGrossDiscrepancy** | **float** | The discrepancy between the targeted and the calculated grossed up value during a net to gross calculation. | [optional]
**effectiveFrom** | **\DateTime** | The date the pay line starts being calculated in payrun | [optional]
**effectiveTo** | **\DateTime** | The date the pay line stops being calculated in payrun | [optional]
**department** | **string** |  | [optional]
**costCentre** | **string** |  | [optional]
**departmentId** | **string** |  | [optional]
**costCentreId** | **string** |  | [optional]
**isAutoGeneratedBasicPayLine** | **bool** |  | [optional]
**percentageOfEffectiveDays** | **float** | The percentage of working days the effective dates span for pro-rata&#39;ing values, calculated/set during each payrun | [optional]
**totalWorkingDays** | **float** |  | [optional]
**isAutomaticBackPay** | **bool** | Automatically calculate back pay and add or modify the necessary pay lines for this addition/deduction when a pay run is created.  Applicable only to employee level addition/deduction pay lines.  If set to false then you must manually handle the calculation and adding of back pay lines. | [optional]
**ignoreInitialBackPay** | **bool** | Skip the automatic backpay calculation on the first pay run, if the addition/deduction had been paid outside or Staffology.  If set to false, the automatic backpay calculation will be performed on the first pay run. | [optional]
**initialBackPayPublicPayRunId** | **string** | Used to mark the first payrun where this payline has been payrolled for backpay | [optional]
**autoAdjustForLeave** | **bool** | This sets whether the PayLine should be automatically adjusted or not for:  Leave Entries;  Starters/Leavers;  PayLine effectiveFrom and effectiveTo values falling mid-way through a PayRun | [optional]
**contributesToBasicPay** | **bool** | Indicates whether this pay line contributes to the basic pay of the employee.  Will be set to true by default when IsAutoGeneratedBasicPayLine is true. | [optional]
**calculateAsWhenPaid** | **bool** | Indicates whether this pay line should be treated as When Paid rather than When Earned | [optional]
**totalPaidDays** | **float** |  | [optional]
**roleId** | **string** | The employee role which is associated with this pay line.  If set to null, the pay line is not related with a role. | [optional]
**employeeRoleReference** | **string** |  | [optional]
**earnedFrom** | **\DateTime** | Nullable DateTime property \&quot;EarnedFrom\&quot; in the PayLine model to store the start date of the PayLine&#39;s &#39;earned&#39; period in a PayRun. | [optional]
**earnedTo** | **\DateTime** | Nullable DateTime property \&quot;EarnedTo\&quot; in the PayLine model to store the end date of the PayLine&#39;s &#39;earned&#39; period in a PayRun. | [optional]
**periodFrom** | **\DateTime** | Nullable DateTime property \&quot;PeriodFrom\&quot; in the PayLine model to store the start date of the PayRun period the current PayLine is part of. | [optional]
**periodTo** | **\DateTime** | Nullable DateTime property \&quot;PeriodTo\&quot; in the PayLine model to store the end date of the PayRun period the current PayLine is part of. | [optional]
**annualValue** | **float** | The original value from the PayLine before we modify it  Currently only used when CalculationType is set to FixedAnnualAmount  so we can determine whether the pay line value needs calculating or not  To recalculate set to null with annual amount recorded in Value | [optional]
**parentId** | **string** | [readonly] The Id of the associated employee level pay line, if the current line is a back pay line. | [optional]
**isAutoCalculatedBackPayLine** | **bool** |  | [optional] [readonly]
**isZeroHoursTeachersBackPayLine** | **bool** | [readonly] Indicates whether this pay line is a backdated pay claim line  belonging to a zero hours contract teacher. | [optional]
**analysisCategoriesCodes** | [**\SynergiTech\Staffology\Model\AnalysisCategoryCodes[]**](AnalysisCategoryCodes.md) | List of analysis Category Codes | [optional]
**analysisCategoryCodeIds** | **string[]** | List of analysis Category Codes  uniqueId | [optional]
**paySpineId** | **string** | [readonly] The Id of the associated pay spine. | [optional]
**paySpineGradeId** | **string** | [readonly] The Id of the associated pay spine grade. | [optional]
**spinalPointId** | **string** | [readonly] The Id of the associated spinal point. | [optional]
**londonAllowanceId** | **int** | Used to set London allowance id for payline | [optional]
**fullTimeAnnualValue** | **float** | Used to set Full Time Annual Value for payline | [optional]
**paySpine** | **string** | PaySpine name based on PaySpineId | [optional]
**payGrade** | **string** | PayGrade name based on PayGradeId | [optional]
**spinePoint** | **string** | SpinePoint name based on SpinePointId | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
